Add notice about end of life and link to the new module (#13)
PrestaShop/blockbestsellers: Readme.md

# Top-sellers block

---

**This module has reached end-of-life and is no longer maintained.**

It has been remade for PrestaShop 1.7: https://github.com/PrestaShop/ps_bestsellers

---
## About

> Adds a block displaying your store\'s top-selling products in PrestaShop 1.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a block displaying your store's top-selling products in PrestaShop 1.6.
```
